[Jean panting]
[intense music playing]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[car whirring]
We gotta go. It's okay.
[panting]
-[gasps]
-Come on.
Come on. come on. come on.
[indistinct speech]
[panting]
Okay. get down. get down.
[whimpers]
Shh. shh. shh. shh.
[shushes]
-[Bill] Fuck!
-[bangs the car]
[car door opens and shuts]
[car whirring]
[pants]
Are you okay? Are you okay?
You okay? Yeah? Okay.
It's okay. Mommy's got you.
Okay.
[pants]
-[cracking in distance]
-[gasps]
[pants]
It's okay. It's okay.
Shh.
[pants]
[deer whines]
Stay back. Be careful.
[groans]
Don't look.
[♪♪♪]
[foot steps]
I don't care what you do.
-We are not going to...
-[Bill] Shut up!
[groans]
[grunts]
Please! Please. just
don't hurt him. okay?
No. no. no. no.
Please. please. please. please.
Just. [sobs]
I'll come back.
I'll come back with you. okay?
Please. just don't hurt him.
[young hunter] No!
Stay away from her. Papa!
Baby. Baby. don't.
Honey. no.
[young hunter] Run. Mama!
He's gonna hurt you!
[screams]
[chokes]
[blood splashing]
[young hunter and Jean screams]
[body thuds]
[grunts]
[♪♪♪]
Mama. wake up.
Mama. please wake up.
Mama. I'm cold.
Please. I... I wanna go home.
Please.
I just wanna go home.
[♪♪♪]
[Scott laughs]
[Ashley] Scott. you're such
a jerk face.
[Scott] You're a jerk face.
[Ashley] You're from
jerk medicine.
[Loraine] I'm really gonna
miss this.
I remember
when you were running around.
scraping your knees.
Seems like yesterday.
Aw. Mom. we'll always
be your little babies.
And Ashley will
always be a baby.
Shut up.
And you know.
I suppose I could settle
for some grand babies.
Oh. settle. Mom.
Okay. that's just... uh.
a bit too soon.
I'm just trying
to keep it cool. Mom. okay?
What does Gwen have to say
about all this
playing it cool stuff?
Yeah. what does
Gwen have to say?
Uh. Gwen and I
are fine. thank you.
-[Drew] Want my advice?
-No.
-Run.
-[laughs]
Oh. stop.
That's good advice.
-There I was. I was 23.
-Oh. boy.
My band was gonna
be the next Pink Floyd.
-Here we go.
-But your mom got pregnant.
So I had a choice to make.
Run away with my band
The Electric Sex Machine
and take the country by storm.
or stay here and settle down.
become a husband and father.
That's a tough choice.
Any regrets? Ashley?
Shut up!
[laughing]
Oh. he's such a pain.
I mean. I probably
have higher cholesterol
and. uh. less groupies
than I would have.
but I'd make
the same dumb mistake
again if I could.
Family is forever.
[intense music playing]
[Scott] Never have I ever.
No.
Uh. yes.
-No.
-Yes.
Never have I ever.
I'm not playing that
with Mom and Dad.
Ash. come on.
-Come on. We could be hip.
-Yeah.
-Oh. my God.
-Dad's hip.
-I'll start it off.
Never have I ever played
Never Have I Ever
with my family.
Oh. thank God.
Safe choice.
Uh. okay. Never have I ever.
Oh. never have I ever
hitchhiked across the country.
-Shut the fuck up.
-Too bad. you wanted to play.
-What?
-Mom?
[gasps] Are you nuts?
Topless. too.
Whoa!
It was the '70s.
It was a different time.
Oh!
And I was not topless.
It was a knit top.
Yeah. it was
a pretty open weave.
-[Ashley] Oh. [gasps]
-Dad. look out!
[car crashes]
[takes a deep breath]
Babe. are you okay?
Yeah. I was just. uh.
I was just thinking.
uh. about today.
Mm-hmm.
You had another nightmare?
No.
I was having a dream about you.
Liar.
Are you ready for today?
As ready
as I'll ever be. I guess.
Not sure she is.
[sighs]
There's never gonna
be the perfect time.
No.
She's definitely not
gonna make it easy.
You just. You don't know
Ashley like I do.
[retches. vomits]
[Charlie] Jesus Christ.
I didn't know it'd be this bad.
Oh. it's okay. I'll be okay.
It's just... it's just nerves.
This is just nerves
for a weekend away
with your brother?
Well. you don't
know him like I do.
Mr. Fucking High and Mighty.
I mean. it's been
a couple of years. you know?
Okay. Well. I mean.
we can call it off if you want.
No.
I'm not giving him
the satisfaction.
You sure?
Yeah. Yeah. it's okay.
-I got it.
-[Charlie] Okay.
That's the attitude we like
for a fun weekend away.
but it's your call. babes.
Oh. God.
Please don't call me that.
[curtains whirs]
[Gwen] What you can control
is yourself.
Trust that this trip is gonna be
whatever it's supposed to be
and surrender the outcome.
-You're my therapist now?
-No.
No. you could never afford me.
Oh. well. would you be
willing to make an exception?
I'd consider it.
under the right circumstances.
[indiscernible speech]
[shower running in background]
[Charlie] Or you know what?
The fresh mountain air
might do you some good.
You're not. uh.
you know. late. are you?
What?
-[Charlie] What?
-Don't be stupid.
[Charlie] Well. I'm just.
you know. just checking.
You never know. Making sure.
[gargles]
[Charlie] But hey.
after this weekend.
if you're still
not feeling good.
we'll go to the doctor
and get it sorted.
Ooh. Oh! Cold! Cold! Okay.
Oh!
Okay. I see how it is.
All right.
Joke's on you.
I like cold plunges.
Save me the lecture. okay.
You're not my boyfriend.
Yet.
But I'm wearing you down.
I can tell.
It's only a matter of time.
[uplifting music playing]
[dark sinister music playing]
[♪♪♪]
[tires screeching]
-[Charlie] Jesus!
-What the fuck. Scott?
Baby. are you okay?
-Yeah. Yeah.
-[Gwen] Oh. my God.
[Gwen] What did you see?
There's nothing there.
[exhales]
[♪♪♪]
[grunts]
Beautiful. huh?
Even better than you remember?
Yeah. it's all coming
back to me. Scotty.
Yes!
This is what I'm talking about.
I could live here.
Ash. I got it. Idea.
Mm-hmm.
[Charlie] Cabin right there.
right?
I'll hunt us some game.
We'll drink well water.
-Yeah.
-Smoke our pipes on the porch.
What do you say?
Sounds like
an absolute nightmare.
Yeah. you're right.
Real beautiful out here. guys.
Um. nice tree over there.
Another good one over there.
I can imagine it.
So a little. uh.
fuck cabin over there.
It's nice. wholesome.
You're a lot of fun.
Who fucking invited that guy?
How's that?
You heard me.
I'm sorry. you got a problem.
flavour of the month?
'Cause I've known these
fuckers since we were kids.
-Flavour of the month?
-Okay. guys.
-Yeah.
-[Scott] Relax.
Charlie. I invited him.
Lars.
-Am I in trouble?
-Yes.
Can you stop
being so Lars. please?
Sure. yeah. Sure.
Look like you're a real
Paul Bunyan type.
Now. starting now.
I'll be less me now.
Thank you.
Jesus Christ. we're actually
camping out there?
[Charlie] Yeah. that's what
happens on a three-day hike.
There's no Airbnbs out there.
What's the matter?
Scared of the woods.
little Hansel?
Lars. little Lars.
Yes. little Lars is afraid
of the woods.
There's bears out there
and I don't fuck with bears.
Hey. take this. Or not.
What the fuck
am I supposed to do with that?
Well. first of all.
your reaction time sucks.
but that's a bear spray
for the bears.
And I agree with
the shutting up part.
Mm.
Nice tent.
Thanks.
Sleeps four. water-resistant.
flame-retardant.
Pretty sure you can't
say that word anymore.
[sighs]
I'm just gonna choose
to ignore you for a while.
Well. you and everyone else.
[Scott] All right.
I think we're out.
I just need to lock up.
Uh. Gwen. key. Ah. nice.
[Gwen] How is it your stuff
always manages
to find its way into my bag?
Mm. it's a busing curse.
Hmm. Curse.
-Rude. Rude.
-Definitely curse.
[Lars] I. uh. forgot my phone
in the car.
[Charlie] Okay. you don't need
your phone every five minutes.
Don't worry. Lars.
I've got my phone just in case.
We're good.
And I got mine in my bag.
And the car's locked.
[Charlie] We might make a man
out of you yet. buddy.
Ah. fuck.
-[Charlie] You know.
-[Ashley] Whoa!
-[Charlie] Watch your step.
-[Lars] I'm coming.
[Gwen] Just like our first date.
[indiscernible chatter]
[intense music playing]
[panting]
-Where is he?
-Do you see him?
-[Tylor] No.
-[panting]
-Let's go.
-[grunts]
[Monica and Katherine screaming]
[choking]
[groaning]
[Tylor screaming. choking]
[thudding]
[Lars] My God. when is...
when is this supposed
to get fun. huh?
Bit of a... a fun fact.
you know.
actually. over 2.000 people
have gone missing
over the last decade.
[Gwen] Wow!
[Lars] You could check it up.
It's a real thing. you know?
If there was ever any
fucking service out here.
you could...
you could look that up.
[Charlie] Will you shut
the fuck up. man?
Jesus!
[Lars] Are we there yet?
[Scott]
Oh. you're doing great. Lars.
Great work. man.
Get those little legs moving.
[Lars] Yeah. you know.
I actually... I actually get it.
The shooting pain
down my legs and my back.
that's what I've been
missing out on all these years.
[Scott laughs]
[Lars] I get it now.
I really do.
[indistinct chatter]
-[Scott] Hey. let's go. Come on.
-Shit.
-[Scott] Hurry up.
-Is anyone else getting like a...
[Lars] Like a Deliverance vibe
out here?
[intense music playing]
[♪♪♪]
[Ashley] Wow.
I almost forgot
how beautiful this is.
How could you forget?
I mean. five years
really is a long time.
Sure beats Niagara though.
There's no tourists.
no stress. no Maid of the Mist.
Just calm. right?
[relaxing music playing]
[Gwen] Ash?
Hey. uh. Ash. don't wander
too far out from camp.
Stay close to... Okay.
Oh. shit. She has a fucking arm.
What will I do?
Mm. you knew this
wasn't gonna be easy.
God. grant me the serenity
to accept the things
I cannot change.
and. uh. the serenity
to accept the things.
Ah. fuck.
What the fuck am I doing?
[emotional music playing]
[Ashley] I'm sorry. Mom.
Ash! Babes. wait up.
Oh. Charlie. please
don't call me that.
[Charlie] Oh. yeah. right.
Uh. I'm sorry.
You okay?
You wanna talk about it?
I don't think
this was a good idea. you know?
Like.
I don't know if I can do this.
Like. I don't know
why it's so easy for him.
Like. why is he cool
and well-adjusted.
and. like. I'm a fucking mess?
I'm the one that has to.
like. I don't know.
feel all this shit?
Like. this is bullshit.
It fucking sucks.
It's not fair.
Yeah.
I know. It's okay.
You're not a mess. It's okay.
[♪♪♪]
Family is forever.
You know. I can go tell
them I'm not feeling well.
I have a fever or something.
if you. I don't know.
wanna get outta here?
-[exhales] Really?
-Yeah.
Yeah. we can go.
whatever you want.
[exhales] I don't.
No. no. we can stay.
You sure?
I mean. yeah. yeah. I'm... yeah.
Okay. And obviously
I don't know Scott.
but. I don't know.
people grieve in
different ways. you know?
Yeah. I guess so.
Come here.
Should we get back at it?
Uh. yeah.
I'll catch up with you.
I'm just gonna take a minute.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Uh. Charlie?
Yeah. what is it?
Um. thank you for the...
for the pep talk. old man.
Old man? Okay. listen.
just because I like
the outdoors. and plaid.
and Hank Williams.
that doesn't necessarily
make me old.
Well. it doesn't make you young.
but it does make you
pretty cute.
[Charlie] Okay.
One out of two.
we're taking that one.
-Okay.
-[laughs]
See...
Oh. hey. uh. watch your head.
Tree. There's trees out here.
Okay. see you up there.
[exhales]
[intense music playing]
[branch snaps]
What the fuck am I doing?
I can't do this.
Fuck.
[gasps] Oh!
Hey. it's just me.
[indistinct speech]
Fuck! Jesus!
What's up. Scott?
Hey.
Uh. are we gonna
keep doing this forever?
Doing what?
This.
Y... you don't laugh
like you used to.
you don't look at me
I mean. you don't even
return my calls anymore.
I just...
You just what? You just what?
I just.
I just want my sister back.
[emotional music playing]
Well. I just want
Mom and Dad back.
[♪♪♪]
Charles. you wood nymph.
we there yet?
[Charlie] Think we're gonna go
for a couple more hours.
What's the matter. you tired?
No. I'm just thirsty as fuck.
Well. the cleanest water
you're gonna find
around here is in a tree root.
Cut it in half.
get a couple of squirts.
That's about it.
It's like what.
like tree fellatio?
[yelps]
Oh. fuck!
Help me! Help me!
-[indiscernible chatter]
-[screaming]
Scott!
-[Scott] I got you.
-Scott!
I got you. Come on. Charles.
Hey. hey!
Don't you fucking drop me!
-[Scott] Come on. Jump!
-[Charlie] Hold on.
-Pull me up. pull me up!
-Shut the fuck up and hold on.
-[Scott] Come on!
-Oh. my God.
Are you fucking hard right now?
Are you hard right now?
[groans]
Fuck!
Wow!
-[Gwen] What?
-[Lars] Fuck me.
[Gwen] Fuck was that?
Yeah. well. we're gonna
need to watch our step.
Yeah. thanks for the tip.
What the fuck is this thing?
It's a pitfall.
It's a hunter's trap.
Bear. deer fall in.
impale themselves. bleed out.
[Lars] Really glad we
came off the trail.
It's a great idea.
God. look at that.
It shouldn't be here.
You're not allowed
to hunt in this area.
Okay. well.
we're really gonna need
-to watch our step from now on.
-Yeah.
Sun's setting. we should just
find a spot and set up camp.
Yeah. right?
I boo-booed my fucking arm.
[Charlie] You're welcome. Lars.
Fucking rednecks.
[♪♪♪]
You know. I save your life.
you grab the firewood.
It's a good deal. Lars.
-Ash?
-Oh.
Awful generous of you.
You know what?
Who wants some real food?
We don't have real food?
No. I mean real food. Meat.
Guys. look around.
We don't have to eat these
processed bullshit bars.
Fair enough. Here. take this.
Maybe if you run into a bear
you can stun it long enough
to have your way with it.
You know. biblically.
[chuckles]
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
[laughing]
Annoying's always set
to 10 with you. isn't it?
-That's how you catch.
-Guys. I'm being serious.
There's a river
right down there.
Scotty. what do you say?
Yeah. yeah. let's do it.
-[Charlie] My guy.
-I'm in.
You guys like sushi. right?
-[Scott] Just love it.
-I know you do.
[Ashley] You know I do.
You guys should
take a flashlight.
Uh. that'll scare
the fish. won't it?
That will scare the fish.
See. and it's not even
that dark.
Plus us. uh. us real men
can see in the dark.
The hell is that
supposed to mean?
Yeah. nothing gets in our way.
[laughing]
See. still falling for you.
Yeah. I'm fine.
[Ashley and Gwen laughing]
[suspense music playing]
[fire crackling]
[Lars] This camping thing.
you guys do that
just. like. voluntarily or.
[Gwen] You know. no one's
forcing you to eat those. right?
They're gonna be
back any second.
Because you just said
they'll be back.
you just signed
their death warrant.
Dude. shut up.
Oh. fuck 'em.
This is fucking awful.
Okay. maybe I'll steal.
I don't know.
-I don't know what to do.
-Dude. shut up.
-Oh. God.
-[Lars] I don't want to.
I'm shutting up.
[Ashley] So if you hate it
so much.
why'd you come anyway?
I mean. don't get me wrong.
I appreciate your
sardonic commentary.
but still.
[chuckles]
I don't know.
Scott always took care of me.
Things have been
different ever since.
Sorry.
It's true.
Things have been different.
Not that he has to say it
or have a breakdown or anything.
It's just.
I mean. you see it
when he's talking to you.
See it on his face
he's not all right.
[intense music playing]
[Lars] I see the same thing
in your face sometimes.
So. when a friend invites you
on a very dumb
fucking camping trip
out in the middle of nowhere
with all the creepy crawlies
and whatnot.
you say yes.
I'm here for your brother.
Not for goddamn sure he would
do the same thing for me.
And maybe.
maybe just a little bit.
I'm here for you. Ash.
Aw. you're breaking
my heart. Lars.
I would never dream of it.
Well. time to get some footage.
Footage?
Did you bring the camera?
Film major. darling.
Never leave home without it.
Yeah. what are you
gonna film out here?
Did you not notice
I almost fell to my death
not but an hour ago?
Yeah. I also noticed
that you didn't film that.
Fuck!
[laughs]
We'll start now.
And day one. Lars takes a piss.
-[Gwen] Oh. my God.
-[chuckles]
-Tell Blair Witch we say hey.
-[Ashley] Yeah.
[Lars] You'll be the first
to know.
-[chuckles]
-[Ashley] Oh. God.
He's fun.
[Scott] Is this the honey hole?
This is the honey hole.
[Scott] Sweet.
Aw. man.
I forgot my pocketknife.
Um. can I borrow yours
to make the spear?
Oh. I can do you one better.
What?
Here. check this out.
[grunts]
What are you doing?
Well. let me show you.
[Scott] Yeah?
Check that out.
Yeah. a rock?
Obsidian rock.
Looks sweet. but the best
part about it is it breaks easy.
So. you get little shards
like this
that are sharper than knives.
Give that a go.
Whoa!
[Charlie] Yeah.
That is sharp.
That's cool.
And I hope you're hungry.
[water splashes]
-Oh!
-Holy shit.
Look at that little guy.
No protein bars for us.
[vomits]
Oh. my God. Ash. Oh. my God.
[panting]
[Gwen] Can I...
can I get you anything?
Water?
[exhales]
[Gwen] You should...
sit down here.
Did you eat something bad
or. I don't know.
do you think it's like a...
a 24-hour thing?
[emotional music playing]
It's more like
a nine-month thing.
Oh. my God.
Ashy. are you serious?
Yeah.
Apparently. you know?
I mean. I'm on the pill.
but you gotta take that
every day. you know?
I can't do that shit.
Does Charlie know?
No.
No. man. he's not
ready to be a dad.
And I'm not ready to be a mom.
Oh. fuck.
Oh. God. I don't know
what I'm gonna do.
Like. I don't... I want my mom.
[crying]
She's never gonna
meet him. you know?
Fuck. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
-No. no. no.
-I'm sorry. Oh. fuck.
No. you're good. You're good.
Hey.
Hey. just take a breath. okay?
Take a breath.
[takes deep breaths]
You know. we're gonna
figure this out together.
Okay? We're not going anywhere.
We're always gonna
be there for you.
Especially Scott.
God. he loves you so much.
Okay. Gwen.
[Gwen] He does. Hey. he does.
You just need to let him in.
And I...
I think... I think
you should tell Charlie.
Yeah.
[Gwen] Yeah.
Yeah. I should.
I just... I just wanna
take this weekend
to. like. clear my head.
you know?
There's a lot going on. and.
Yeah.
Yeah. I get it.
It'll be our secret.
Thanks.
I got you.
[♪♪♪]
[Scott] So where did
you learn all that?
[Charlie] Uh.
my dad used to take me.
-To his cabin by the lake.
-[Scott] Yeah.
Taught me how to fish.
hunt. trap. the whole thing.
That's wicked.
Hey. wait. wait.
Did... did you hear that?
[Charlie]
I didn't hear anything.
[Scott] That sounded like a.
[wolves howling in distance]
-I heard that.
-Yeah.
We should get back to camp.
[Charlie] Agreed.
[Scott] Yeah.
[panting]
[intense music playing]
[Scott] Uh. we should go faster.
[panting]
-[Charlie] Hey. wait!
-[Scott] What? What?
[Charlie] They're circling us.
[Scott] What do you mean
they're circling us?
[Charlie] That's what I mean.
They're circling us.
What do we do?
We outrun 'em.
-Outrun wolves?
-Well. you got a better idea?
-[Scott] No. you can't...
-[overlapping speech]
I don't know where
the fuck we are.
You know what? Fuck it.
Stay with me. Come. stay close!
[panting]
[Charlie] Come on! Faster!
They're right behind you!
[indiscernible speech]
Hurry! Don't stop!
Hurry! Go!
Go. go. go!
[Scott] Where'd they go?
I don't know.
[wolves howling and whining
in background]
Sounds like they
killed something.
[wolves howling and whining
in background continues]
Or something's killing them.
[man screams in distance]
What the fuck was that?
Let's not stick around
to find out.
Come on. let's move!
[panting]
[trap snaps]
[body thuds]
Scott. this way! Scott!
Scott! Fuck!
[♪♪♪]
What's taking so long?
Should've been back by now.
Don't worry. Ash.
They're probably just
bonding over a fish.
They'll be back soon.
I don't know.
Something doesn't feel right.
Dammit. Lars. Look what you did.
Oh. she's right.
Something's off.
[intense music playing]
-[Ashley] Oh. my God.
-[Lars] Charlie!
-[Ashley] I was so worried.
-Where's Scott?
We got chased and got split up.
-[together] What?
-Got chased by what?
-Wolves.
-Oh. my God. Charlie.
-Wolves?
-You left him?
-You fucking left him?
-Are you fucking kidding me?
I... I... I. They were so fast.
and it was dark.
and they were all around us.
and I stopped.
[Gwen] Oh. my God!
And I called for him. but he...
he was gone and...
Is he okay?
I don't know. but I think
something killed
-one of the wolves.
-That's good. right?
-Sounded bigger.
-Oh. my gosh.
-So what are we gonna do?
-The bears.
What's your plan?
What's your fucking plan?
Okay. wait. If he's hurt. like.
shouldn't we go find
help or something?
Where? Where? Because we're...
it's forever back to
the car and if... if...
How... where's the nearest town?
If he's hurt. guys. he probably
doesn't have that long.
-Oh. my God.
-[Ashley] Hey. well. what...
-What do we do? What do we do?
-Okay. Shut the fuck up!
Shut up!
None of this is helping Scott.
Okay?
Charlie. you must have a plan.
-Correct?
-Yeah. right.
Uh. think. think. think.
think. think. think. think.
-He's hurt. We need to...
-Yes. What do we do?
-Fucking. uh.
-Jesus Christ. Charlie.
Pull your shit together. Okay?
All this brawny man shit
you've been doing.
This is your fucking moment!
Tell us what to do.
-Yeah?
-Okay.
Okay. wolves
are pack hunters. right?
-[Gwen] Yeah.
-So we gotta stay together.
If we straggle behind.
or you'll be a target.
-Gwen. you got your knife?
-Yeah.
-Grab your knife.
-Okay.
-Grab a hatchet.
-Okay. okay.
-Grab whatever you can.
-Find Scott.
Yeah.
Find Scott.
[♪♪♪]
[groans]
[grunts. screams]
Help! Anyone!
Help!
[screams]
[pants]
[grunts]
[♪♪♪]
[groans]
[panting]
[grunts]
Come on.
[Gwen] Scott?
Scott?
[Ashley] Scotty?
-[Gwen] Scott. are you out here?
-[Lars] Scott?
[grunts]
Seriously. are you sure
he was this far out?
It could be.
-I mean. we got split up.
-[Lars] Could be. right.
Do you recognize any of this?
[exhales]
I don't know.
[Scott] Fuck.
Fuck.
Oh. shit. that's just great.
[Charlie] Hey. it's dark.
So sorry if I don't recognize
the fucking foliage.
Isn't this the only thing
you're supposed to be good at.
or is that just
what you told us?
[Charlie] I'm getting
a little sick of your shit.
What the fuck else are you doing
besides running
your goddamn mouth?
[Lars] Hey. asshole.
Our friend is out there
because of fucking you.
Oh. fuck yeah.
[indistinct speech]
fucking bitch.
Fuck yeah.
Yes! Fuck yeah!
Let me think for a sec.
This looks familiar.
Yeah. this way.
Oh. thank God.
[exhales]
[groans]
[Gwen] Scott?
[Lars] Scott?
Gwen. you better
pick up my call.
[phone beeping]
[Ashley] What's that?
-What?
-You don't hear that?
[phone beeping continues]
Oh. my God. it's gotta be him.
Oh. thank God.
[phone beeping continues]
What?
It's Scott's phone.
His alarm is going off.
-Oh. Christ.
-This is so fucked.
Fuck.
Okay. maybe we should
look at the map.
-Yeah.
-That's great.
[Charlie] What?
Where... where is the map?
[♪♪♪]
[Scott] Water.
Yes. water.
[indiscernible speech]
[groans]
Holy fuck. Jesus Christ.
[takes a deep breath]
Fuck.
Help! Anybody?
Well. doc. I'm finally
gonna do my exercises.
[chuckles]
I definitely
feel alone right now.
Um. and yes. this would be
good to record.
Um.
Um. I... I woke up in a hole.
A pit with spikes
and shit in it.
I must have passed out
because I've definitely
been here for a few hours.
I got a spike in my leg.
but I'm not gonna bleed out.
I stopped the bleeding.
And... and I got nothing
to cut through with
except my goddamn car keys.
[laughs]
Oh.
They should've found me
by now. so.
And Charlie
wouldn't have left me.
So I'm gonna be here
for the night.
It's getting colder.
But. uh. I've got water
until at least tomorrow.
I've got a fish.
Thank you. Charlie.
After that. I don't know.
but. uh. they're gonna find me.
So I'm gonna save
the battery on this.
So goodnight. Gwen. Ashley.
and. uh. whoever
might hear this.
[recorder beeps]
[♪♪♪]
Well. we have been
searching for Scott
all fucking night long.
He's been missing
for about 12. 13 hours.
There's no cell service.
We have no idea
where the fuck we are.
And Scott has both
the keys and the map.
because of course
he fucking does.
All in all. I would say this
is turning into a real. uh.
hell of a weekend. huh?
No bears. though.
With our luck. any time now.
Okay. I think
I found some tracks.
-[Gwen] What?
-Yeah.
-He's a tracker. too.
-Hey. Spielberg.
at least I'm doing something
other than whining.
[Gwen] Uh. do you...
do you think it's Scott?
-Could be.
-Let's go.
You're the one
who left him behind. right?
Or am I getting you confused
with somebody else?
Shut the fuck up.
Grab your shit.
Let's go.
[intense music playing]
[♪♪♪]
[trap clanking]
[young hunter groaning]
[grunting]
[panting]
[Katherine] Please help!
[screaming]
[panting]
[walkie talkie beeps]
Hello?
Ranger station. anyone?
Come in. we need help.
Shh.
I think I heard something.
[tracker] [on radio]
Are you okay?
-Oh!
-Shh!
Yes.
Yes. someone
is trying to kill us.
We need help.
[tracker] [on radio]
Where are you?
I'm traveling on foot.
just passed Travis Point
along the backwoods.
-[gasps]
-We can see you.
Stop. Stop.
[tracker on radio]
Where are you?
I can't see you.
-Are you safe?
-I don't like this. Kath.
Come on.
what are you waiting for?
We can see you.
We can see you. over here.
Katharine! Katharine. wait!
-[trap whirs]
-[screaming]
[Katharine] Monica!
Monica. get this off me!
-[Monica] I got you!
-[Katharine] Help me!
-[arrow whooshes]
-[screaming]
Please. God. help me!
Get this off me.
He's coming. he's coming!
Help me!
[screaming]
God. help me! Help me!
Hey. over here!
He's got my friend!
We need help! Help me!
-He's gonna kill us!
-Who? Who's trying to kill you?
[body thuds]
[screams]
Oh. my God!
[grunting]
[panting]
[screams]
[gasps]
Oh. my God!
[screaming]
[Katharine] He's coming.
he's coming. he's coming!
[crying]
[screaming]
[panting]
[body thuds]
[Katharine] Where's the radio?
[Monica] I think it's gone. too.
Oh. fuck. He took them.
He didn't take this.
[panting]
[intense music playing]
[♪♪♪]
Oh. my God. Ash!
I thought you were
never gonna find me.
Get me outta here.
Why did you do it?
What?
You have no idea
what I had to do
to just not feel
anything anymore.
It wasn't my fault. Ash. Please.
You deserve everything
that's coming to you.
Ash. wait!
I hope you rot down there.
[whimpering]
Sorry. Scott.
You did this to yourself.
Wait! No.
[sighs]
Oh. shit.
[groans]
[stomach growling]
Mm. just like sushi. It's.
It's just like sushi.
Fuck.
[retches. spits]
Definitely not like sushi.
[moans]
Shit! What the fuck. Fuck.
I'm trapped down here!
Help! Come on.
I don't wanna die.
Uncomfortable.
[groans]
[intense music playing]
[Scott] Hello?
Help! Hey. help! Hello?
C... can you hear me?
I'm... I'm hurt!
I need help!
I'm stuck in the leg.
I'm bleeding out.
I think it's infected.
I... c... can you help me.
or get somebody
to get me outta here?
I... I really need
to get outta here.
And my friends are
probably looking for me.
L... look. man. I... I don't know
if this is your trap or...
or what.
I don't... I don't care. man.
If... if... if I don't get out.
I'm sure this place is
gonna be crawling with cops.
and I don't think
you have a permit
for this fucking spike pit.
so I don't think
that's gonna end
very nicely for you.
Am I right?
Hey! Listen. motherfucker!
Shh.
[♪♪♪]
Oh. Jesus Christ. Ashley. Gwen.
[exhales]
[Scott] Help! Help!
Shh. shh.
[Scott] Help!
What is that?
[Scott] Guys. I'm down here!
-Oh. my God. It's Scott.
-Oh. thank God.
Scott!
What the fuck?
He was just here. I swear.
[panting]
-[Lars] Scott?
-What the fuck?
[Gwen] Scott!
[panting]
-Scott!
-[Scott] Guys!
Anybody there?
[Gwen] What? What. what?
-[Scott] Guys!
-[Gwen] I don't understand.
-[Gwen] What? Oh. my God.
-[Scott] Help!
[Scott] I'm stuck here!
What the fuck?
[Scott] Anybody there?
[grunts]
-[Scott] Help!
-[Ashley] Oh. my God.
[Scott] Are you out there?
Oh. what the fuck
is this shit now?
[Scott] You guys! I'm down here!
Scott?
[on radio] Scott. is that you?
Gwen! Gwen!
Gwen. I'm trapped!
I'm down here!
Where are you?
[on radio] We're a couple miles
east of the river. I think.
G... Gwen?
Hello? Gwen?
Who's there?
Is that you. you sick fuck?
[Lars] How do we even know
that was Scott?
That was Scott. 100%.
He's in trouble.
He's calling for help.
[Gwen] No.
No. something weird is going on.
Scott didn't hide this radio
for us to find.
Someone else must be doing this.
What are you talking about?
Huh? Somebody took Scott?
I don't know.
Wait.
You think somebody
out there kidnapped Scott?
Scott's a big. strong guy.
That didn't happen.
Well. then. who left this?
[unzips]
[Charlie] Ah. Jesus.
We already tried that. Gwen.
I'm trying again.
[Lars] Oh. yeah. Sure.
Absolutely.
Damn it.
Still no signal.
we're too deep in the woods.
[Lars] Fuck me.
Fuck. Fuck me!
Why is this shit happening?
Why am I even fucking out here?
Too good of a friend.
That's the fucking issue.
Fuck.
We never should
have come back here.
We're so fucked.
[Charlie] The hell we are.
I say we get up at dawn.
walk to the edge
of the woods. call for help.
and fucking find Scott.
We know he's alive.
We're gonna find him.
As a team.
[car crashing]
[Scott] Dad!
[Ashley and Loraine screaming]
[intense music playing]
[♪♪♪]
[car beeping]
[coughing]
[glass shatters]
[Scott] Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. Dad.
Mom? Mom. Mom.
Hey. I'm gonna
get you outta there.
Drew? Drew?
It's Scott. Mom.
Where... where's your father?
He's fine.
I'm gonna... I'm gonna
get you out. Okay?
[gasping]
What happened? What happened?
I... I... I'm gonna
check on Ashley.
[Ashley] What happened?
I can't...
Hey. it's okay. It's okay.
-Hey. hey. hey.
-I can't see.
It's okay. it's okay.
It's. [indistinct]
[Ashley] I can't see.
Hey. it's okay. Okay.
-I'm gonna get you out.
-Okay.
I'm gonna...
I'm undoing your seat belt. okay?
-Okay.
-Three. two. one. Now!
-[Ashley screams]
-[Scott] Buckle's jammed.
[groans]
Okay. Okay. Easy. Easy.
What? What?
[truck whirring]
-[Ashley] Oh. God.
-We gotta go. We gotta go.
-[Ashley] Come on. Come on.
-[Ashley] Come on.
-[Scott] We gotta go.
[grunting]
[Scott] Go. We gotta go.
Gotta go. Gotta go.
-[Scott] Come on!
-Oh. my... I got this.
I've got this. Get Mom! Get Mom!
I got this.
[grunting]
[groans]
Maybe I'm dead and this is hell.
[gulping]
A lot of things have changed.
I don't think my fall
was an accident.
I... I think we're being hunted.
and my friends are in danger.
I can't do anything about it.
[sighs]
[♪♪♪]
Fuck!
Whoa-ho-ho-ho.
Watch where you're throwing
that damn thing. Scott.
What?
You're not looking
too good there. buddy.
Oh. hey. Don't... don't...
don't look at me like that.
W... why don't you be useful
and help get me outta here?
Oh. Oh. Like... like you were to
Mom and Dad. and to Ashley?
That wasn't my fault.
-Wasn't it. though?
-It wasn't.
It seems like anyone
who loves you
or gets close to you
just ends up dead.
Mom's dead. Dad's dead.
Ashley's basically dead.
She's dead inside at least.
Shut up! Shut up!
It's only a matter of time
before Gwen.
I mean. she... she better run.
Shut up!
Don't tell me what to do!
You think that
you're trapped in here
by yourself?
You are trapped in here with me.
Better get cozy. Scott.
-Stop. Stop.
-I ain't going anywhere.
Stop. stop. stop.
[indistinct speech] Scott.
Murderer.
Stop. Stop.
Murderer. Murderer.
[whimpering]
Hey!
Stop!
[♪♪♪]
[fire crackling]
[exhales]
[intense music playing]
[♪♪♪]
[unzips]
Gwen. someone's out there.
Charlie. is that you?
Charlie!
[panting]
Don't. no.
[♪♪♪]
Fucking close it.
[zips]
[intense music playing]
It's fine.
It's okay. just.
Just let's get some rest.
Yeah. okay.
who the fuck was that?
I don't know. it's...
it's no one.
Just sleep. okay? We're fine.
[♪♪♪]
[intense music playing]
-Charlie!
-[Charlie] What? What?
-[Charlie] I'm up. I'm up. What?
-My phone. Did you take it?
[Charlie] No. no. why would
I take your phone?
Fucking phones are gone.
What?
We need to.
We need to leave now.
Okay. okay. Gwen. calm down.
-Calm down.
-Don't tell me to calm down!
Someone is watching us.
Came into our tents last night
and he took our phones.
[Lars] Wait. wait. hold on.
hold on. hold on.
Somebody was here last night?
[Charlie] Could everyone take
a fucking breath. please?
I was sitting there all night.
Nobody came through.
Yeah?
Did you get enough beauty sleep?
[Lars] Shit. my camera's
gone. too.
What?
Yeah.
Don't you guys get it?
Someone doesn't
want us to call for help.
The same someone
left the fucking radio
and he came
into our tent last night.
He's watching us.
He is out there
and he is fucking with us.
Yeah. Question. how are we gonna
call for help without phones?
Our keys to the truck.
Map? Guy that draws maps.
Any of that?
We just... we'll s...
start walking
until we find people.
Walk until we find people?
That's the plan?
Do you even know
where you're going?
Do you?
Did you ever know
where you were going?
All right.
-Gwen. you don't have to b so...
-Just don't!
I... I don't...
I don't have a map. okay?
But I... I am gonna walk
that way.
And you're welcome to join.
Or stay here.
I don't fucking care!
[♪♪♪]
[moaning. kissing]
Baby. what's wrong?
Shh.
[screams]
Fuck!
Fuck. I don't wanna die!
Help me! Help me!
Ashley. Gwen!
[echoing] Fuck!
[Gwen] I'm really sorry
about back there.
I.
[Ashley] It's okay.
[Gwen] Can you talk to me.
please?
This is hard enough
without you acting like this.
Jesus Christ. Gwen.
What do you want me to say?
What. are we. like.
friends or something?
-I would like to be.
-Jesus.
-I don't...
-[Ashley] You would like to be?
Gwen. you don't know
the first fucking thing
about me. okay?
[Gwen] I've tried.
I've tried. Ash.
Why do you think we're here?
[Ashley] Yeah. you tried so hard
that you just. like.
let my brother abandon me.
He didn't abandon you. Ash.
And you didn't even try
to stop him.
We tried so hard
to be there for you.
but at a certain point...
-You tried so hard.
-We were just enabling you.
-Dude.
-You were hurting yourself.
Do you know how
hard that was for him...
Hurting myself?
To see you hurting yourself
after he saved you?
I'm the one that
got sober. okay?
-I'm the one that did that...
-And I'm happy for you!
By myself.
[Gwen] You know. at a certain
point he can't win.
He can't win
'cause you're punishing him
for something he can't change.
-He...
-Jesus Christ.
Like. what are you
getting out of this?
That's what I don't understand.
Like. what the fuck
is it to you?
I want your brother to be happy
and stop hating himself
for something he can't change.
He... he needs you. Ash.
It's not all about you. okay?
He lost his parents
that day. too.
It's not fair.
He has punished himself
every single day
for the last five years.
You think I wanted that?
You think that's
been easy for me?
He's been in Hell.
You have no idea.
You have no idea how hard
this has been for him.
He... he only wanted
to come here
because he cares
so much about you
and he wanted to fix it.
Oh. it's my fucking fault then?
-Yes. it's your fault.
-Okay.
We're only here because of you.
Okay. well.
if he's fucking dead. Gwen.
is that my fault. too?
Don't say that!
What's wrong with you?
What do you mean
what's wrong with me?
You know what? You care so
much. you go fucking find him.
-I'm trying!
-How about that?
-[Lars] Guys! Guys.
-I'm trying. okay?
[gasps]
[intense music playing]
Hi. Hello.
Uh. we're looking
for our friend.
We think he's lost.
Have you seen anyone?
-Uh...
-Shh. it's fine.
Hi. yeah. we just want
to find our friend and go.
We mean no harm.
-I don't like this. Charlie.
-This is fucking weird.
[Lars] Guys.
what are we doing? Hmm?
[Charlie] Is he gonna
fucking talk?
What's his deal? Hey. fuckhead!
-Hey. Charlie! Shut the fuck...
-Can you help us out or not?
-What?
-Shut the fuck up.
Relax. he's not doing shit.
[Lars] Holy fuck.
Where the fuck did he go?
-Relax. he's not doing shit.
-Oh. my God.
[Ashley] Who the fuck
was that guy?
[Lars] Think for one second.
When was the last time
we actually saw people out here?
Huh?
You think maybe.
just fucking maybe.
this is our secret
fucking admirer?
Okay. Well. let's get
moving then. Okay?
Put some distance
between him and us.
[♪♪♪]
[fire crackling]
[sighs]
We need more firewood.
Okay. [grunts]
I'm gonna get
some more firewood.
Nobody leaves here.
Uh. I'll come with you.
No. no. no. that's fine.
I'll be all right.
Thanks.
I'll be back in a minute.
I'm scared. you guys.
I know. Me. too.
We're gonna find him tomorrow
and then we're gonna
get the fuck outta here.
Yep. right.
Okay.
[branch snapping in distance]
[Lars] [indiscernible speech]
Jesus. fuck off. Charlie.
[♪♪♪]
Charlie?
[branch snapping in distance]
[♪♪♪]
Is anyone up there?
Fuck is this?
Guys?
Lars. this isn't funny.
you dick.
Ash?
[Lars. Ashley
and Gwen whimpering]
What the fuck?
[intense music playing]
[muffled speech]
What the fuck?
[muffled chatter]
What? What?
[grunts]
[♪♪♪]
[muffled chatter]
Oh. fuck.
[crying]
Stop!
What the fuck!
[grunting]
[Ashley] Charlie!
No! No!
What the fuck!
[grunting]
-No!
-[indistinct yelling]
[fire crackling]
[grunting]
[Gwen. Ashley and Lars yelling]
[screams]
Fuck!
[grunting]
Charlie!
Charlie. get out of there!
-Please!
-[screaming]
Charlie! Charlie. I'm pregnant.
Please help me.
[screaming]
Please get out of there! Please!
Help!
Ashley!
Get out of here!
Oh. please!
Run!
Let him go!
No!
[indistinct yelling]
[♪♪♪]
No! No! Oh. my God!
No. Charlie. no!
[cries]
I'm gonna fucking kill you!
[♪♪♪]
[whimpering]
Come on. Just come on.
Yes. come on.
[whimpering]
Fuck! Fuck!
[screams]
Who are you?
What do you want from us?
What do you want?
Come on. you motherfucker!
You want me? You have me!
Fuck you!
Leave them alone!
Don't do this. Listen. man.
Hey. hey!
Get back here. leave...
Get back here
and leave them alone!
Hey!
[grunting]
You can do it. Come on.
[Gwen] Come on. you can do it.
[panting]
I'm sorry. Charlie.
[grunting]
[Lars] Come on.
[panting]
[crying]
I'm sorry. man.
[indiscernible speech]
I know. I know. I know.
We're all gonna die here.
[Gwen] No. we're not.
No. we're not.
No. no. he's not. No. he's not.
No. he's not. No. he's not.
No. he's not.
We're not gonna let that happen.
No. you're not. No. you're not.
[indiscernible speech]
I'm so sorry. I know. I know.
I know. baby. I know.
We have to...
We have to go. okay?
He's gonna come back.
We gotta go now. We gotta go.
We gotta go.
We gotta go. we gotta go.
I know. I know. okay.
[indiscernible speech]
Run!
[panting]
[Lars] Come on. Come on!
[Gwen] Come on. Ash.
Come on.
-[Ashley] Wait.
-Ash.
Slow down.
Slow down a sec.
I can't breathe.
Okay. just take a breath.
Take a breath.
Oh. God. I can't breathe.
-[Monica] Oh. my God!
-[screaming]
We need your help.
Someone is trying to kill us.
-Oh. my God.
-You. too!
He killed our friends.
Oh. you gotta be fucking.
-[arrow whooshes]
-[screaming]
-We gotta go!
-Run! Yeah! Come on!
[screaming]
[panting]
[arrows whooshing]
[intense music playing]
[♪♪♪]
[Lars] Come here.
Come here. I got you.
You're okay. girl.
[panting]
-Where is he!
-Easy! Easy!
-I can't see him anywhere!
Oh. he's gotta be close.
Fuck!
I hate this fucking vacation.
[Katharine] No.
No. no. no guys.
I think he's gone.
-I think he's gone.
-[body thuds]
[screaming]
Down. down. down! Now!
[Monica] Katharine!
[crying]
[branches snapping
in background]
He's circling us.
Oh. my God.
He's fucking circling us.
Guys. we gotta go.
We gotta go now.
[Lars] Go! We gotta move. Hey.
-Come on.
-We gotta go.
I got you. We gotta go.
We gotta go.
[choking]
[♪♪♪]
[intense music playing]
[panting]
[Lars] Keep moving. keep moving.
-[body thuds]
-[screaming]
-No. no. Ash!
-Oh. my God.
[Ashley] Oh. my God.
[Gwen] The spike completely got
the shoulder.
-Oh. my God. Get it off me!
-Fuck!
[Gwen] She's stuck
on the tree. Lars!
[Ashley] Help me.
[Lars] Look at me!
Look at me! Look at me!
We're gonna get you
out of this. okay?
We're sitting ducks here.
Hurry up!
[Ashley screaming]
[♪♪♪]
-Guys!
-Oh. my God!
[indistinct speech]
Get me out of here. Oh. my God.
It hurts so much. Oh. my God.
Please!
[indistinct speech]
Guys!
[screaming]
No. please! Please!
Oh. fuck.
This is gonna hurt
like shit. Ash.
I'm sorry.
[screaming]
[grunts]
-Guys!
-We fucking know.
We gotta get her out of here.
What. what. what?
Just look at me. Ash.
Ash. look at me.
Just breathe. In and out.
I'm not in fucking labour. Lars!
I don't know
how to fucking help!
There's a fucking tree
in my shoulder!
[foot steps]
Guys!
Lars. help me!
[gunshot]
Oh. my God.
[sobs]
[thuds]
Oh. my God! No. God. no.
Stay back! [grunting]
[Ashley] No! Lars! No!
Stay away from them!
[groans]
-Please. please. please.
-[Ashley] No! No.
No. please. Oh. no.
What? No. No. no. No.
No. please stay away.
Please. okay.
Please. oh. no. no. please.
[screaming]
Please. no. No. please.
No. no. no. please. No.
[groaning]
Put her down.
Put her down. you motherfucker!
I'll fucking cut...
No. Lars! No!
Lars! Lars!
[groaning]
[♪♪♪]
[recorder beeps]
Mom. I don't know.
Ashley. I think. uh. this is it.
[groans]
[♪♪♪]
[grunts]
Thanks. Charlie.
Oh. this hurts.
[intense music playing]
[♪♪♪]
[thunder clapping]
Fuck!
Lars. Lars. Lars. are you okay?
Wake up. Lars. wake up.
Oh. fuck. He took Ashley.
We gotta fucking find Ashley.
[Gwen] Hey. hey. hey. hey.
I'm with you. I'm with you.
I'm with you. okay?
But we don't know
where he took her.
[Ashley on radio] Lars!
No! No. let me go!
Oh. my God. It's Ash.
Wait. wait. wait. Gwen.
wait. wait. wait. wait.
What? What are you doing?
He thinks
he's figured us out. okay?
If we just fucking
get on the walkie
and ask him to let her go.
[Ashley] [on radio] Please.
No. please.
-Please. Lars!
-I'm listening. Okay?
There's gotta be
some kind of clue
as to where he's taking her.
[Ashley whimpering on radio]
[water rippling on radio]
You hear that?
[Ashley] [on radio] No. please.
-The waterfall.
-[Gwen] Stop.
You're gonna
get yourself killed.
This is fucking crazy.
Okay. we're...
You would do the same
fucking thing for Scott.
[Ashley] [on radio] No! Please.
-[Ashley crying on radio]
-Okay.
[Lars] Look. get the gun.
[thunder clapping]
[fire crackling]
[Ashley crying]
Hello? Hello?
Oh. oh. oh. Ash.
Hey. no. no! Put her down!
No. Ash. don't move. Don't move.
Wait. wait. wait. Hey. hey.
Please. please. don't do this.
Don't do this.
Man. fuck. What do you want?
[Hunter] You're safe now. Mama.
Motherfucker! Put her down!
Now she gets to
watch you die. Papa.
[Ashley] Wait. look. Look at me.
Look at me. please.
I am not your mother.
He's not your father.
Please. please. let us go.
Please.
Let her fucking go? Fuck!
Scott. Scott. I'm scared.
You motherfucker!
I'm gonna fucking
cut out your heart.
-[Ashley] No.
-[Hunter] I'll be waiting.
[Ashley] Stop. Stop.
No. no. no. please. please.
[sobs]
[grunts]
[intense music playing]
[♪♪♪]
[panting]
Ash.
Where the fuck is he?
[Scott] Hold on. Ashley!
I'm coming!
Oh. my God. Scott.
Gwen! Gwen!
It's Gwen.
Gwen. Gwen! Help Ashley!
-[Lars] Gwen.
-Scott. I'm here.
[screaming]
Help! Please help me. Scott.
Help! Help!
[Scott] Gwen. what's wrong?
-Oh. my God.
-Gwen! Gwen.
[Gwen screaming]
[grunting]
[crying]
[Gwen] [indistinct speech]
don't. Please.
Please. Please.
Please. please don't.
Please. please.
[chuckles]
[screaming]
[crying]
[loud thunder]
[Gwen screaming]
[intense music playing]
[♪♪♪]
[grunting]
[yelling]
[♪♪♪]
[yells. grunting]
No. No. No. No!
Wait. wait. wait!
Fuck!
[grunting]
Lars! Lars!
[groans]
[yells]
[grunting]
Don't move. Ash!
I'm so scared. I'm gonna die.
You're not gonna die. Ash!
He is!
[screaming]
[grunting]
[yells]
[axe clacking]
[♪♪♪]
[thunder clapping]
Don't hurt him. please.
Fuck.
[grunting]
Come on. you motherfucker!
Come on!
Where the fuck are you going?
[panting]
[grunting]
Come on. Come on.
[screaming]
[grunting]
[panting]
Ash!
Ashley!
No. no. no.
Scott! Scott!
[screaming]
[grunting]
[body thuds]
[intense music playing]
[Ashley] Scott.
[grunting]
Scott! Scott!
[screaming]
Scott!
-Come on!
-I got this. I got this.
[Ashley] Get Mom!
Get Mom! I got this.
Mom. we've gotta go.
I'm gonna get you out.
You're stuck.
[groans]
Fuck.
[truck whirring]
[grunting]
[Scott] We gotta go. Mom.
[screaming]
My leg! I'm stuck! Stop!
-I can't.
-[truck whirring]
Stop. Scott. please. stop.
-Stop.
-[yelling]
[Ashley] Oh. my God.
Scott. are you okay?
No!
Come on. Come on.
You can do this.
Come on.
No. No. No.
Jesus.
[panting]
[grunting]
Scott. Scott.
Look at me.
[Loraine] Scott!
No.
There's no time.
[truck whirring]
Don't worry about me. okay?
Just. Just save them. okay?
I'm not worth it.
Don't talk like that. Ash!
Don't talk like that!
-Get your sister.
-No!
You have to promise me
you'll take care of her.
No.
Take care of each other.
-[Ashley] Scott.
-[panting]
Put your
petty differences aside.
No. Mom. I got this!
Please don't let
any harm come to her.
I was gonna be a mother. Scott.
a terrible mother. not like Mom.
It wasn't meant to be.
It's just the two of you now.
Don't worry about me.
Your father needs me.
Scott. don't you dare!
Scotty. listen.
I made so many mistakes.
I don't know who I am anymore.
Your sister needs you.
For so long I was so mad at you
for leaving 'cause I thought
that you changed. but it was me.
I changed.
Ash. you're the
strongest person I know!
I should've told you more often.
but I shouldn't have left you!
I'm sorry!
Don't you see. Scott?
I died five years ago.
Fuck that!
If what you're saying is true.
then you and your baby
are the only thing I have left.
I'm not letting you go!
[crying]
I love you.
[Ashley] No. Scott. no! Don't!
[truck whirring]
No! Mom! No! God. no!
[Scott] Get out of there.
[panting]
Scott! What are you doing?
No!
I'm not gonna make it.
Just save them.
[grunting]
You're not going anywhere!
No. Mom! No. Mom!
[truck whirring]
[screaming]
Scott!
[grunting]
[Ashley] No. no. no!
No! No!
You're gonna make it.
No. Mom! No. Mom!
No!
[car crashing. explosion]
[tires screeching]
[♪♪♪]
[panting]
I'd do it again. Ash.
I'd do it again.
I made the right choice.
It was you. It was always you.
-Come on!
-[grunting]
[panting]
[screaming]
[grunting]
[♪♪♪]
[gasps]
No! No!
[Scott] No! No! No!
Gwen!
No! No!
You want me.
motherfucker. here I am!
Come on!
Come on. motherfucker! Come on!
Yeah!
[grunting]
[yells]
[Jean] It's okay. baby.
Mommy's got you.
Run. Mama. He's gonna hurt you.
[groans]
[screams]
[body thuds. water splashing]
[panting]
[♪♪♪]
Fuck.
[emotional music playing]
Oh. Fuck.
Scott.
[Scott] I'm gonna come back
for you.
[♪♪♪]
[Lars]
I'm really sorry. brother.
All right.
that's about enough of that
for me I think.
Oh. there's a hole in my hand.
And your face. and my leg.
[Ashley] You came back for me.
Are you okay?
No. dude's a pussy.
He's not a problem.
-[coughs]
-Okay.
There's some internal bleeding.
Okay. let's go.
-[Scott] Take it easy. man.
-Yeah. come here.
-Oh. my God.
-Oh. it's on me.
Oh. my God. Lars. Jesus.
I say we get to a hospital.
Yeah. Yeah.
I'm not feeling too hot. yeah?
[Ashley] Yeah.
[Lars] God.
I fucking hate camping.
[Scott. Lars and Ashley
laughing]
[uplifting music playing]
[♪♪♪]
Wow.
Amazing.
[intense music playing]
[♪♪♪]
[uplifting music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm